Add Changelog for Dashboard SSO Groups (#3838)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2025/09/expose-saml-groups-to-dashboard.md

---
title: Allow SSO groups to be shared with the Node-RED Dashboard
description: SAML Group information included in the FlowFuse Authentication information passed to the Node-RED Dashboard
date: 2025-09-25 12:00:00.0
authors: ['ben-hardill']
tags:
  - changelog
issues:
  - "https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/issues/5902"
---

> A new flag has been added to the SAML SSO configuration to allow a users group membership to be included in the profile information included when FlowFuse Authentication is used with the Node-RED Dashboard v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new flag has been added to the SAML SSO configuration to allow a user's group membership to be included in the profile information included when FlowFuse Authentication is used with the Node-RED Dashboard v2.
```

Shown here is the content of the `_client` object attached to messages generated by the Dashboard nodes.
```json
{
    "user": {
        "username": "ben-example_com",
        "email": "ben@example.com",
        "image": "https://forge.example.com/avatar/YmVu",
        "name": "Ben",
        "userId": "r3VG59G85J",
        "role": "owner",
        "SSOGroups": [
            "FlowFuse",
            "ff-development-owner",
            "test_ff-development-owner_test"
        ]
    },
    "socketId": "NA7eDLuWbR6wmCpSAAAF",
    "socketIp": "192.168.1.56"
}
```

The new key `SSOGroups` includes the list of Groups passed to the SSO configuration by the SAML backend and can be used by the Dashboard to control what information is shown to the user.

More details about how to create mutli-user Node-RED Dashboards can be found [here](https://dashboard.flowfuse.com/user/multi-tenancy)

> To enable this in your SSO configuration on FlowFuse Cloud please contact support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSO is available to Enterprise teams on FlowFuse Cloud. Contact support if you would like this feature to be enable for your team.
```
